feat: update docs for SetVehicleLightMultiplier (#1177)
citizenfx/natives: VEHICLE/SetVehicleLightMultiplier.md

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The multiplier has no limit.
> 
> multiplier = 0.0 no lights  
> multiplier = 1.0 default game value  
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This multiplier has no limit, by default the game has this set to `1.0`.
```
